README.md, before:

## A Dashboard Showcase using some hot Libs template using Svelte5 Runes  

- Setup various top Libs to work together on svelte 5.  
- Libs: Shadcn-svelte - BitsUI - Formsnap - Unplugin-icons - Runed.
- A ready template to reuse, save time on setup, config...
- Replaced icons lib: lucid-svelte with unplugin-icons.
- Update examples. improvements + new icons + runes + runed.  
  
- Compared to Shadcn Dashboard: UI, design, functions, reusabile and interactive.  
- A Dashboard sample showcase: this preview version improves over the original example.  
- Extend to connect it to your business data/functions for an interactive dynamic ui panel. (or request my services to do it for you...)  

---

## Project Setup

Download the repo, modify config files if needed, (add/remove extras..)  then:

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm run dev
```

For more details and customization check specific library docs(Shadcn-svelte,...) That's it, the rest is Svelte.dev guide...  

## Create a new svelte project
```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
pnpm create svelte@latest
```

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `pnpm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapters) for your target environment.

Commit message:

+Update:  README.md file ~up~Release  version => 0.1.0

README.md, after:

## A Dashboard component template template using Svelte5 Runes and other best Libs  

- Shadcn-svelte Dashboard on steroids, coded from start into resusable components.  
- Compared to Shadcn sample: X times more refined, responsive as reusable components.  
- Improved styles, UI, CSS grid, theme, dynamic responsive sizing, functions...  
- Extend it to your business data/functions for an interactive dynamic Dash panel.  
- Or request my services to make your desired integration...  

### Features

- Set of various top Libs to work together using svelte 5.  
- Libs: Shadcn-svelte - BitsUI - Unplugin-icons - tailwind CSS - Runed...  
- A ready template to reuse, save time on setup, config, customizing...  
- Replaced icons lib: lucid-svelte with unplugin-icons, now can use any icon sets.  
- Update examples. improvements + new icons + runes + runed.  

---

## Project Setup

Download the repo, modify config files if needed, (add/remove extras..)
then:

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm run dev
```

For more details and customization check specific library docs(Shadcn-svelte,...)  
That's it, the rest is Svelte.dev guide...  

## Create a new svelte project
```bash
# create a new project in the current directory
pnpm create svelte@latest
```

## Developing

Once you've created a project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn`), start a development server:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
pnpm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `pnpm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapters) for your target environment.
